but
this is strong or to raise the production efe
the federal legislators
as you know not only the current
characteristics
for all kinds of tastes but also have detrimental effects
currently the market described European and North American therapeutic
grows at annual rates of 10%, this growth being more dynamic than the
presented by conventional pharmacists
the natural is not so harmless
There is a widespread belief that due to its natural origin the treatments
with herbs and products based on these are harmless
but nevertheless
Sometimes the remedy is worse than the disease
intoxicated minors in two emergency centers of hospitals
because their mothers gave them a drink to kill the worms
patients who develop miraculous total success dependence to calm the
nerves
until the appearance of side effects that can compromise
To a large extent the patient's health are just some of the situations
can occur when you swallow products like natural medicines
without having minimal precautions and of course without proper guidance
medical
without ignoring that there are some plants that have great power
medicinal products and that serve as the basis for natural medicines that help
effectively manage some medical toxicology diseases and
pharmacologists
draw attention to the difficulties involved
Massive way they are created in a hospital does not hurt
Before taking a medicine albán take into account the following
recommendations
make sure that the person who prescribes you is a doctor with studies in
botany
they took and camente the dose indicated by the doctor
note the version is any action is to be presented in your body
like dizziness headache swam you stomach discomfort etcetera or in your
behavior when ingesting herbal products
Because these can have side effects, look for problems
combined with other medications
when the doctor asked him what remedies he should include the products
natural
suspend current medications two for three weeks before
of a surgery I have informed the anesthesiologist which palencia
this documentary has been presented by the other
the codes 7 2 26 8 3 5 when in doubt
many times
but